Oh, dear.
Know your sister
Not related to himself
What do you say?
What? How?
You haven't told me yet.
Your calligraphy
What is the relationship?
What's the matter, second sister?
I got jealous.
I'm just jealous.
Well, we just ate back and forth.
Gee, you've been so silly lately.
If the second sister doesn't like others in the future
You are not responsible for me.
How to be responsible
Hmph, how dare you tease the second sister?
Be careful that the eldest sister is late and can't find you.
So what?
The three of us have been together like this since we were children.
Of course, I don't just have ideas for the second sister
I also have ideas for the eldest sister
giraffe
Then don't mention the second sister
Just kidding, I'm going to take a shower
It's over before it starts, oops.